c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\WebForm.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\WebForm.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\WebForm.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\obj\Debug\WebForm.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\obj\Debug\WebForm.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\obj\Debug\WebForm.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxThemes.v16.1.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\DevExpress.Web.Resources.v16.1.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\DevExpress.Web.v16.1.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Drawing.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\DevExpress.Web.v16.1.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Drawing.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\de\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\es\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\ja\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\ru\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\de\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\es\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\de\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\es\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\ja\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\bin\ru\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebForm\WebForm\obj\Debug\WebForm.dll.licenses
